---
title: December 10th, 2016
---

I'm in Hong Kong again today. I met with my uncle and some of his friends for
lunch, and I have a NU alumni event later in the evening. Lately I feel pretty
worn out from always being on edge because of the unexpected and I am really
excited for a bug-free couch to sit on and read.

This certain worn out feeling is a little new and I'm trying to figure out what
exactly it is. It's not the feeling I would have at the end of a long quarter
at NU, where all I want is some sleep and stress-free weekends. It's not quite
homesickness either, although a couple weeks ago during Thanksgiving I was
definitely feeling that too.

Right now, the best analogy in my head relates to a carbonated
drink. When you have a fresh bottle of Coke, if you pour it into a glass or
shake it, the C02 bubbles up to create large chunks of foam. Over time as the
drink sits out, it loses its carbonation and the size of foam on each
successive shake decreases. Other than some bubbles here and there, it's not
always easy to tell just from looks whether or not a drink has carbonation,
but when you shake the drink the resulting foam tells
you. Eventually, the carbonation completely disappears
and you are left with a glass of water full of flavoring and sugar that hardly
reacts to movement.

I think that behavior best describes my mindset right now. As unexpected
change happens while I've been here in Asia, it 'stirs' things up and
the C02 in my case represents my ability to deal with the to and fro. In the
past few months, my level of carbonation has slowly decreased with all the
change. It's not easy to tell on an average day, but when the break from normal
happens, I see my waning ability to keep an open mind and roll with the flow.

The analogy isn't perfect of course, I can recharge unlike an already opened
bottle. But I most identify with the 'invisibility' of a drink's carbonation.
I don't think I realize how drained I am of change until the change actually
happens, and lately it has been happening a lot.

Definitely looking foward to going home for Christmas to recharge and spend
quality time with family and friends.

