---
title: August 15, 2016
---

While walking home from work, I passed a large storm wall that was getting
battered by some huge waves coming in from Lake Michigan (it was quite windy).
As the waves hit the wall, they would reflect cleanly and head back out to the
lake where they would meet the next incoming waves. Occasionally the peaks would
collide and produce these large waves that would spray foam all over the deck.
I read up on some basic physics from high school and relearned the basics of
constructive and destructive interference, as well as the superposition
principle.

While the concepts are simple, it's pretty cool if you really think about what
is going on when these conflicting waves meet. With the right timing, two
powerful waves moving at each other with great (and equal, for our purposes)
force can produce a net zero effect on a given point where the waves meet.
Offset that timing by a little bit, and not only is the effect not just zero,
it is a wave with the amplitude of both combined.. and even when the waves
destructively interfere to produce a net zero at a given point, the waves still
move forward in their respective directions.

It made me think of metaphors of how certain people can work together.
Different, strong personalities can sometimes bring out the best of both
to produce something great. I've also seen it not done well, where 
the two might butt heads and leave with nothing accomplished. It's up to you
how you might interpret what 'time' in this metaphor translates to..
